=== 문단 1 (935 chars) ===
Currently there are 3 websites listed for this state.
We are committed to providing for the needs of homeless and owned dogs and cats in our community. Serving over 5,000 companion animals annually through direct intervention and many more through advocacy, we continue to promote the humane values of protection, care, and compassion for all living things.
The Delaware SPCA is dedicated to the prevention of cruelty and the encouragement of humane treatment of all animals. Established in 1873, Delaware SPCA is the oldest animal welfare organization in the state and has provided continuous service to pets and their companions for more than 135 years.
Faithful Friends Animal Society is a private animal welfare organization with a No Kill shelter. We are funded through private donations, grants, fees for services and special fundraisers held throughout the year. All cats and dogs in our care stay with us until homes are found.

=== 문단 2 (911 chars) ===
It is possible to erase up to 4 HDD / SSD at the same time. IDE HDD connection is also possible with dedicated adapter.
HDD / SSD is exchanged from the order in which erasing is completed, and asynchronous erase function which can erase newly is installed.Five types of erase algorithms are installed. The erasing method can be selected according to the application.
HDD copy function installed. It is possible to copy one HDD data to up to three HDDs simultaneously.
Data delete contents can be printed with the attached dedicated printer . It is also possible to output text data of work log to USB memory.
Dedicated carrying case with waterproof / dustproof specification is included, which can contain the main body and all accessories.
This product is compatible with SATA 6 Gbps HDD / SSD, but the internal transfer speed is up to 130 MB / sec.
2.5 “HDD and 3.5” HDD can not be connected at the same time.

=== 문단 3 (926 chars) ===
Well it's been a funny few days. On Saturday I made the best beefburgers yet - the recipe's from a fellow Sausagemaking.org member, Oddley.
I've always been a "don't use anything other than chuck steak, ground with salt and pepper" man, but he's converted me. The spices aren't discernable in the taste, but it wouldn't be as good without them.
Things were going so well, that is until the element went in the fan oven on Sunday. £50 later and it's up and running again.
However, things are looking up again. Maurice rang me yesterday lunch-time to say that the fishmonger had replaced the roe that wasn't very good, free of charge. So yesterday evening we dry salted them for 8 hours, and they're in the cold smoker as I speak.
They certainly look more promising than the last lot.
Very interested in how the online course went Phil, I’ve been putting this off for too long and it’s high time I got one of those certificates.

=== 문단 4 (981 chars) ===
One day minding my own business i thought of my ex boyfriend the true love of my life and there on the ground was a feather. Very interesting to read about feathers. I just got out of jail last week and have had a recent huge breakup in a relationship but know its nest for my mental health.
She is the older sister of finn and.
White feathers appearing out of nowhere. In addition here is a quick look at some of the additional meaning certain colored feathers may have. Ravenna is the cruel and tyrannical ruler of the kingdom of tabor as well as a dangerously powerful sorceress. Ravenna also known asthe evil queen or simplythe queen is the primary antagonist of snow white and the huntsman and the huntsman. I asked back in december 09 nothing.
Pink feathers are a reminder of the unconditional love of your angels and a reminder of the infinite inspiration available when youre tuned into love. I cannot believe all the feathers that have appeared to me in the last 2 months.

=== 문단 5 (907 chars) ===
Traveling through Virginia to visit a close friend and family, I parked my car in Richmond. I heard of a great southern tradition that sounded delicious. I had to give it a try before venturing off on the road again to my next destination. Sally Bells Kitchen, opened 90 years ago in 1924. The establishment was founded by Sarah Cabell Jones and a business partner. Sarah and partner met at the Women’s Exchange, a former nationwide movement, intended to teach women skills and financial independence.
Sally Bells Kitchen is known for their delicious boxed lunches. Items such as potato salad, chicken salad, tuna salad, deviled eggs, cheese wafers and an array of cup cakes are made fresh from scratch daily. They sell thousands of sandwiches, cupcakes and hundreds of pounds of salads each year. This establishment is very welcoming, friendly and certainly has southern charm. The staff is just wonderful!

=== 문단 6 (971 chars) ===
The distance from Thabeng to Sonop is 84 kilometers by road. Road takes approximately 1 hour and 38 minutes and goes through Ramokokstad and Bojating.
The distance between Thabeng and Sonop is 84 kilometers by road. Distance from Thabeng to Sonop by car takes approximately 1 hour and 38 minutes.
The distance between Thabeng and Sonop is ranked 118th in the ranking popularity.
The driving time from Thabeng to Sonop is approximately 1 hour and 38 minutes without intermediate stops.
Use the "Intermediate points" field inside the "Show advanced options" to find out how to get from Thabeng to Sonop through specific transit points.
You can calculate the route from Thabeng to Sonop through any specific transit point by dragging and dropping the route on the map.
To find out how far is Thabeng from Sonop, all the intermediate path segments were totalized. Precise satellite coordinates of highways were used for this calculation.
Reverse route: from Sonop to Thabeng.

=== 문단 7 (906 chars) ===
A former supporter of President Muhammadu Buhari, Isa Mohammed Munlaila, on Thursday began trekking to Abuja from Lagos in protest at what he called the failure of the ruling party, All Progressives Congress to provide jobs for Nigerian youths.
Meanwhile, Munlaila lamented that people were suffering as the standard of living had gone up, adding that the president had failed to fulfill his promises to the people.
“Actually, I want to show my disappointment for this APC. As you can see, the youths of this country are very angry. APC promised us heaven on earth, they promised us three million jobs in a year, but now, we don’t even have 500,000 jobs in four year,” he said.
Munlaila carried a small box painted green and red with “R.I.P A.P.C.” written on the red painted part. Munlaila claimed to have walked from Lagos to Lokoja in 2015 in support of Buhari and the Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello.

=== 문단 8 (903 chars) ===
Want to give something different to a friend or your loyal employees? Then why not treat them to one of Coghlan Cookery School's Gift Vouchers? Available in denominations of £25.00 up to £195.00, they provide brilliant value for money and will bestow an unforgettable gift! They could then use it towards their choice of any of our Half Day Courses, Full Day Courses or any of our Pop-Up events.
A £75 Gift Voucher will enable the lucky recipient to attend any of our half day cooking courses - so whether they want to learn to bake better bread or cook an authentic curry, this is for them!
A £150 Gift Voucher can be spent on attending any of our full day cooking courses - now we're cooking! There, the lucky recipient can choose from courses where they will learn to cook gastro style, make Italian like momma used to, or to dish up French, Spanish or Thai dishes; the choice will be theirs to make.

=== 문단 9 (906 chars) ===
Introduction Letter For Resume Sample Of Cover Letter For Fresh Graduate Accounting Cover Resume Cover Letter Sample Pdf Uploaded by on Sunday, December 9th, 2018 in category fake resume generator.
See also Introduction Letter For Resume Cover Letter Resume Examples Newsound Co Sample Self Introduction Introductory Letter Sent With A Resume from fake resume generator Topic.
Here we have another image Introduction Letter For Resume A Must Have Cover Letter Introductory Cover Letter For Resume featured under Introduction Letter For Resume Sample Of Cover Letter For Fresh Graduate Accounting Cover Resume Cover Letter Sample Pdf. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to download the pictures in high quality, simply right click the image and choose "Save As". Thanks for reading Introduction Letter For Resume Sample Of Cover Letter For Fresh Graduate Accounting Cover Resume Cover Letter Sample Pdf.

=== 문단 10 (906 chars) ===
Is it even possible to make homemade Mac-n-Cheese even better? We think so! Our second featured recipe this month is a great way to enjoy our new Marinated Artichoke Hearts while adding a delicious Mediterranean twist to classic comfort food! Makes a perfect side dish to your Easter Sunday or any night of the week! Not to mention, it’s O.M.G. kind of good!
In a medium sauce pan, on medium high heat, add butter and flour, and stir until for 2-3 minutes while mixture bubbles. Slowly whisk in milk until fully incorporated. Whisk and cook mixture for about 7 minutes, until it thickens and bubbles.
Turn heat off; stir in Garlic Spread, 1 c. each cheese. Add salt and pepper to taste.
Pour over cooked macaroni, stir in spinach,artichokes, and remaining shredded cheese.
Place into a baking dish and sprinkle panko topping on top. Place under broiler for a few minutes until breadcrumbs are golden brown.

=== 문단 11 (930 chars) ===
Newly fully remodeled farm house themed home has charm and character, in one of Concord's best locations. Conveniently close to many attractions like the Charlotte Motor Speedway, Z-Max Dragstrip, Concord Mills. Inside, you'll find an open concept floor plan. The neutral colors are welcoming and complement the new flooring throughout. Beautiful new kitchen with a farm house sink and ship lap walls, that catch your eye. That leads into a large laundry room and dinning room. Bathrooms are nicely tiled. Very nice sized bonus room, The rear yard is fully fenced and includes a two functional storage shed. Detached garage offers a perfect work shop area, or additional storage. You'll notice the mature and custom landscaping on this wonderful home site that welcomes you onto this fine property. Additional square footage is the single car garage conversion to a bonus room. Permits were not pulled at the time of construction.

=== 문단 12 (983 chars) ===
John Cohen will be the producer of Rovios self financed "Angry Birds" Movie. Cohen in the past has taken part in two Ice-Age Movies and the Alvin and the Chipmunks Remake and has gained experience with successfull movies for Universal Studios "Despicable Me".
“I'm so excited and honored to be working on this film with Mikael, David, and Rovio's incredibly talented game developers and artists,” said Cohen. “From both an entertainment and strategic perspective, Rovio is at the forefront of game innovation and is trailblazing terrific new ways for Angry Birds fans to interact with these characters. I've personally spent countless hours playing the Angry Birds games over the last few years, which I can now happily justify as research for the movie."
"John's experience, expertise, and passion are perfect for the Angry Birds film and I look forward to working with him to create the best movie experience for all the fans,” said Maisel.
The Movie will come to Theatres in 2016.

=== 문단 13 (905 chars) ===
Fairbanks author and wilderness guide Michael Engelhardt will sign copies of his new book ‘American Wild: Explorations from the Grand Canyon to the Arctic Ocean’ and also introduce ‘Ice Bear’, his cultural history of the polar bear, on Friday, October 7th from 5-7pm at the Fairbanks Art Association’s Bear Gallery.
Michael Engelhard is the editor of four anthologies of outdoors writing and the author of several essay collections, as well as of a book about polar bears. His articles have appeared in Sierra, Outside, National Wildlife, the San Francisco Chronicle, High Country News, and other publications. Trained as a cultural anthropologist at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, he has participated in fieldwork north of the Arctic Circle. He guides wilderness trips in the Grand Canyon, Gates of the Arctic National Park, and the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, his favorite places in the world.

=== 문단 14 (931 chars) ===
ST. JOHNS COUNTY, Fla. - Commissioners in St. Johns County voted unanimously to postpone any legislative action against a localized ban of a substance that the DEA has classified as a "drug of concern."
According to a report by the St. Augustine Record, 19 speakers during a Tuesday night commission meeting defended their right to use kratom, speaking about the health benefits they'd recieved while battling fibromyalgia and anxiety. Commissioners agreed to table any action until at least May, after the Legislative session.
ORIGINAL STORY: Could drug with opioid-like properties be banned in St. Johns County?
The FDA has warned people against using kratom, saying it has properties similar to those of opioids. It's legal in the U.S. aside from Alabama, Arkansas, Indiana, Tennessee, Vermont, Wisconsin and the District of Columbia.
There are no restrictions on kratom in Florida, expect in Sarasota County, where it's banned.

=== 문단 15 (931 chars) ===
Perfect World International has been running for eight years now, which is a pretty impressive milestone. The somewhat eponymous team at Perfect World Entertainment intends to celebrate appropriately, and the first celebration event takes advantage of players with eight years of no-longer-wanted stuff kicking around with a brand-new barter event. Threads will be started in the official forum, and you will bid on the items contained… through barter.
Players can barter with any items on their characters, even ones that normally could not be traded. All bids must meet a minimum value to be accepted and must be accompanied by a character name and server; winning bids will have the bid items removed from the character’s inventory and replaced with the prize during server maintenance. If you’ve got a whole bunch of rare items that you don’t want, here’s a chance for you to turn those items into something far more desirable.

=== 문단 16 (925 chars) ===
Enthusiast system builds are not always about having the best of everything but sometimes more about picking the right equipment to make everything work. For instance, if you wanted to run NVidia video cards in SLI you would be limited to only Intel systems that supported the technology. AMD Crossfire on the other hand was supported on both Intel and AMD platforms making it a logical choice for enthusiast builders on a budget. Of course enthusiasts are not all about gaming performance or proper video card support but sometimes just need a system that can overclock with some solid community backing.
In this review we will be looking at the Asus Crosshair V Formula. This is a top of the line Republic of Gamers motherboard based on the AMD 990FX chipset supporting the latest AM3+ processors including the new AMD FX "bulldozer" line.
For a complete list of features and specifications please consult the Asus Website.

=== 문단 17 (943 chars) ===
Frances Carolyn Sedberry, 66 of Middleburg, FL passed away Thursday, May 17, 2018. Mrs. Sedberry was born in Baton Rouge, LA to the late Cleavern and Betty Grimball Broussard, Jr. She loved her family with a fiery passion.
Mrs. Sedberry was preceded in death by her parents and brother, Cleavern Broussard, III. She is survived by her loving husband, Charles Sedberry, daughter, Betty Irene Sedberry, two grandsons, Charles and Aaron Sedberry, sister, Doris Broussard Michelli, brother, Donald Broussard, many cousins, nieces, nephews. She is also survived by several whom she saw as and claimed as daughters, sons, and grandchildren. She will be dearly missed.
Funeral Services will be held 11:00 AM Tuesday, May 22, 2018 in the Chapel of Russell Haven of Rest Funeral Home with Rev. Ralph Estevez officiating. Burial will follow in Russell Haven of Rest Cemetery. Visitation with the family will be from 5-7:00 PM Monday at the funeral home.

=== 문단 18 (952 chars) ===
trombone shirts shirt without the life would be flat t designs online shopping from sayings.
trombone shirts john prestige t shirt lightweight vintage style shorty.
trombone shirts live love play the dark colors t shirt by mom.
trombone shirts shorty tee shirt.
trombone shirts 2 shorty t.
trombone shirts organic t shirt cool.
trombone shirts player shirt baby lap shoulder t funny.
trombone shirts t shirt funny.
trombone shirts custom t cheap city keep calm and play music lover adult short funny crew neck shirt for men in from clothing mom.
trombone shirts player funny gift roll cuff t.
trombone shirts funny t shirt front shorty tee.
trombone shirts funny for trombonist premium t shirt sayings.
trombone shirts cotton for o neck graphic short sleeve t funny.
trombone shirts i am a player sweatshirt mom.
trombone shirts love premium t shirt funny.
trombone shirts awesome tee pop art tees mom.
trombone shirts player i am a t shirt shorty tee.

=== 문단 19 (931 chars) ===
Travois is a Canadian company with clients from across Canada and the USA. We specialize solely on Mercedes Benz Sprinter and Metris vans.
Through Mercedes Benz, we are able to supply our clients in Canada as well as the USA with direct factory orders giving them considerable savings.
If you already own a van, we will be happy to work with you on your build, whether you choose one of our pre-engineered packages, or we can work together on your desired configuration. From sports activity vans, full campers, business promotional vans all the way to mobile research labs.
We are very proud to offer our North American clients the following European product lines; RIB Scopema, Schnierle, Quickout.de, Wallas, C-F Maier pop-top roofs, Swissteck swivels, Travois bonded sliding windows, Travois skid plates, transfer case cradles, snorkels, true protection side steps, and many more quality European products at affordable prices.

=== 문단 20 (950 chars) ===
Red Bull Arena today announced that it will be host to an international friendly match between the three time Italian Serie A champions AS Roma and El Salvador National Team on Friday, July 27 at 8pm ET.
Tickets to the AS Roma vs. El Salvador match will go on sale to all Red Bulls Full Season Ticket holders, Red Bulls Stampede Memberships cardholders as well as AS Roma season subscribers in an exclusive presale on Tuesday, July 3. Tickets will go on sale to the general public on Thursday, July 5 at 10:00 AM at www.newyorkredbulls.com.
El Salvador’s national team, led byUruguayan coach Ruben Israel, is currently in the midst of its 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign competing in CONCACAF’s Group B with Mexico, Costa Rica and Guyana.
Tickets for the AS Roma vs. El Salvador on Friday, July 27 at 8:00PM at Red Bull Arena will be available by calling 1.877.RBSOCCER or logging onto www.newyorkredbulls.com starting Thursday, July 5, 2012.

=== 문단 21 (999 chars) ===
Japanese House Floor Plan Design Lovely A Small Multi Generational Home In Japan by Kasa Architects is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at February 10, 2019 upload by admin in Home Idea.
Description: Japanese House Floor Plan Design Lovely A Small Multi Generational Home In Japan by Kasa Architects from the above resolutions which is part of the Home Idea. Download this image for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
Image pictures gallery you need to follow this particular url.
Download Japanese House Floor Plan Design Lovely A Small Multi Generational Home In Japan by Kasa Architects with original resolution Click Here!
64 Photos of "Japanese House Floor Plan Design Lovely A Small Multi Generational Home In Japan by Kasa Architects"
Related Posts of "Japanese House Floor Plan Design Lovely A Small Multi Generational Home In Japan by Kasa Architects"

=== 문단 22 (987 chars) ===
it does it all the time on the road.
It's the air passing through the incorrectly fitted tail sniffer Lambda sensor.
hi tim, im told your the man to see. i have a horrible noise coming from the car but recently i been told its the exhaust which is a custom built from powerflow. could you view a video and tell me what you think.
I am getting TRACS OFF and ABC sensor showing intermittently - Is this something you have come across ? Should I be worried or shall I just ignore drive it to Devon at the weekend and check it out with you at some later date ??
Cheers - Oh and engine mount made it oh so smooth ..
hello mate got told you are running a 400bhp volvo i have a v70r fwd manual i have an engine in my garden i want big power from just wanted to know the route you took. cheers frank.
Wombat Bomb thought you might have some useful advice re IPD front anti-roll bars: http://www.vpcuk.org/forums/showthread.php?t=28159.
If you have a few moments I would appreciate your thoughts.

=== 문단 23 (961 chars) ===
Email memos and any attached files transmitted from the email system of the Houses of the Oireachtas Commission are intended solely for the addressee. They may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, re-transmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities, other than the intended recipient, is prohibited. If you have received an email memo in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from all computers and storage devices.
No contract is created or implied by email memos originating from the email system of the Houses of the Oireachtas Commission.
Views expressed in this memo or in attachments thereto are not necessarily those of the Houses of the Oireachtas Commission.
Email memos are checked for viruses before transmission to external networks, but no liability is accepted for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email memo.

=== 문단 24 (999 chars) ===
Every morning on The Style Blog, we celebrate the best footwear weve come across. Now, for your benefit, its all in one place.
Every morning on The Style Blog, we celebrate the best footwear we've come across. Now, for your benefit, it's all in one place.
Walk in these down the boardwalk.
Walk in these when you're feeling sick of summer.
Walk in these to your crucial mid-week meeting.
Walk in these... no, actually, bike in these to work.
Walk in these no matter what you're wearing.
Walk in these before summer's over.
Walk in these to... your car?
Walk in these to get noticed.
Walk in these to the grocery store.
Walk in these to work this morning.
Walk in these the next time you take her out — tonight?
Walk in these wherever you go, because espadrilles are this summer's solution to another scorcher.
Walk in these to your computer, then explore sidmashburn.com, the just-launched online home of the storied Atlanta store.
Walk in these the next time you ditch the office for the mountains.

=== 문단 25 (995 chars) ===
The following are scrapbook layouts that you can view online, and get ideas from to use in your own scrapbooking. Layouts, paper piecing, using wire, scrapbook album cover ideas, graphics ideas and more scrapbooking ideas.
If you are looking just for free blank scrapbook layouts to print and use in your own scrapbooking, visit our Free Scrapbooking Layouts page.
A list of links to creative page layouts, graphics and memory book ideas.
This gallery now contains 24446 entries in 88 different categories. Browse through the categories, search by keyword or layout type, or just preview the latest entries.
Have you been wanting to try your hand at paper tearing? This pattern gives you a chance to give it a tear - the torn edge gives terrific dimension to the flag!
Lots more scrapbook layouts organized in categories.
Again, many pages posted. These are organized into categories - birthday, Christmas, etc.
Great for using with your scrapbook paper piecing. Tons of fun patterns and shapes!

=== 문단 26 (978 chars) ===
Click the button below to add the Walk In 8 Seater Pine Picnic Table to your wish list.
Easy to assemble for two people.
This walk-in style picnic table allows easier access at the sides and is ideal for home and commercial use. As the name suggests it allows for people to walk in from the end rather than be required to step over which is required with a traditional A Frame picnic table. Choose from a selection of lengths.
Pro Tip: This is best assembled by two people. Tighten all screws finger tight initially until the whole table is constructed, and then tighten fully each screw.
Also available as a walk in 4 seater wooden picnic table and a walk in 6 seater wood picnic table.
Timber is a natural product and will expand and contract with changing climatic conditions which may lead to slight cracking. This is perfectly normal and does not affect the longevity or structural strength of the product.
Picnic Table Wooden 1.4m 6 seat for gardens, parks, schools, pubs.

=== 문단 27 (952 chars) ===
Just who is the ‘Supreme Scientist’? Is he a real-life scientist, one we can look to for answers to all the important questions about our universe, world and personal lives? Yes, there is a real-life, superior and totally trustworthy Supreme Scientist. His words and works are in a class by themselves. He is famous, unique, highly respected and totally trustworthy. He is always right … the only true scientist. He is the Word, the Way, the Truth, the Life!
He is Jesus Christ. He is the supreme standard by which all other scientists’ words and works must be measured and judged.
1. He was Before the Beginning.
2. He was At the Beginning.
3. He was the Beginner.
4. He created all that was Created.
5. He is the Controller of all Creation.
You can find these throughout the Bible in texts like Jn 1:1-18, Col 1:15-17, Heb 1:1-3. This is how a fascinating new 300 page book by science-scripture writer Gerald Wright begins. Ask for information today.

=== 문단 28 (967 chars) ===
OK!'s NYC Fashion Week Blog: Gwen Stefani's L.A.M.B.
Can’t make it to NYC for Fashion Week? Don’t worry, OK!’s got you covered!
We’ll be hitting up all the big shows and reporting back right here, every day, as soon as we tear our eyes off the runway!
This afternoon we caught an eyeful at Gwen Stefani‘s L.A.M.B. show.
WHO: Gwen Stefani and baby Zuma.
FASHION: Edgy, rocker chic, high-heel booty shoes, over-the-knee-boots, straps, ripped shirts, over-the-knee socks, muti-fabric tight pants, military inspired cargo pants, layered, dark colors. Leather jackets, metallic jackets, some plaid, British inspired asymmetrical jackets with separate corset, futuristic leather dresses, ruched black catsuit, wool trench coats.
BEAUTY: Bangs with curled 1940’s inspired hair, dark maroon lipstick, smokey dark eyes, almost Dita Von Teese-esque. Very dramatic. Styling by Paula Bradley, makeup by Charlotte Tilbury and the M.A.C. Pro Team, hair by Danilo at the Wall Group.

=== 문단 29 (942 chars) ===
Developed exclusively for Coach, Coach Leather Cleaner is an allover leather cleaner tested to ensure gentle yet effective cleaning and the optimal care for Coach leather products.
We recommend that you use only Coach Leather Cleaner on your Coach leather products, as other cleaners may contain solvents that can discolor or damage our leathers.
Coach Leather Cleaner is safe for use on almost all Coach leathers. Please expand the details section for more information.
Coach Leather Cleaner may be used on the following leathers: Crossgrain, Glovetanned, Metallic Pebble, Natural Calf, Pebble, Polished Pebble, Refined Pebble, Signature Calf, Smooth Calf, Soft Calf, Stamped/Glazed Crocodile, Stamped Snakeskin.
Please DO NOT use this product on Sport Calf Leather, Calf Suede or Haircalf. For other leathers not on this list, test in an inconspicuous spot and let dry for at least one hour to ensure no negative reaction before proceeding.

=== 문단 30 (956 chars) ===
Altered is a pretty intense thriller, with lots of suspense and even a little paranormal thrown in! The writing style is unique, really teenager oriented, and the characters are gritty and real.
“But how are we supposed to meet with them if we don’t know if we can trust them?” Anton asked swiftly. They had to keep this meeting short. It had taken them a while to all get to the abandoned house safely. The Academy was watching every move now, waiting for a mistake.
The group turned to Ann. Toni, Melvin, Anton and Lieutenant had all seen people who seemed to be hinting that they wanted to join their mini rebellion.
“What do you mean?” Toni asked.
“But what if they don’t understand that they have to act on their own?” Anton asked.
“Or get too scared of acting by themselves?” Lieutenant questioned.
“I think Ann just got promoted to Captain,” Lieutenant said, clapping her hand to Ann’s and pulling their fingers apart.
New Feature!: What's My Story?

=== 문단 31 (970 chars) ===
CTO offers a range of computer training courses in software used every day in your business. The training is presented from an Introduction to Intermediate and Advanced levels, and is available for individuals or groups. Your training is customised to suit your your needs, and is presented at a time that suits you.
Brisbane Computer Training for your staff is as easy as a quick call to Computer Training Options. We provide an extensive range of invaluable computer training services that are cost effective, to corporations and individuals who want to maximise their investment in computer use and technology in conjunction with improving their staff’s performance. Our professional Training Co-ordinators will assist you to plan your training to suit your budget and schedule.
Professional development training is also available – just ask our customer service team for further information on your area of interest.
Enquire about our Brisbane Computer Training now!

=== 문단 32 (974 chars) ===
Network     CLONE_NEWNET      Network devices, stacks, ports, etc.
We can see the user id is same as the parent shell as expected.
You may read more detailed implementation in this LKML article.
Below copied snipp is from the same article.
Normally, one of the first steps after creating a new user namespace is to define the mappings used for the user and group IDs of the processes that will be created in that namespace.
Together, the ID-inside-ns and length values define a range of IDs inside the namespace that are to be mapped to an ID range of the same length outside the namespace.
The ID-outside-ns value specifies the starting point of the outside range.
UidMappings SysProcIDMap // User ID mappings for user namespaces.
GidMappings SysProcIDMap // Group ID mappings for user namespaces.
ContainerID int // Container ID.
HostID int // Host ID.
Previous story Why Should I learn Go ?
openlinuxlabs on Why Should I learn Go ?
Anuj Agarwal on Why Should I learn Go ?

=== 문단 33 (939 chars) ===
The Cubs got the go-ahead Wednesday to add as many as 16 night games plus schedule later Friday afternoon games and concerts at Wrigley Field in a deal Mayor Rahm Emanuel called “an honest compromise” a day after team officials complained that it unfairly constrained them.
The increase in night games is one part of a massive “framework” the mayor, 44th Ward Ald. Tom Tunney and Cubs CEO Tom Ricketts announced in April for the team to renovate the aging, historic stadium and pay for it in part through expanded advertising. A hotel across the street also is part of the development.
Under an ordinance the Chicago City Council passed without debate, the Cubs will be able to schedule 35 night games outright starting next season, a number that could increase to 46 per year if Major League Baseball wants them to play more at night as part of a national television contract. That’s up from a limit of 30 night games in place since 2004.

=== 문단 34 (911 chars) ===
A bus crash has claimed the lives of 28 tourists on Portugal's Madeira Island.
Two people have died at the Grand Canyon in separate incidents this week.
The unofficial tourism slogan for the Northern Territory, 'CU in the NT', first made headlines in 2016 with its cheeky tagline "The Top End. Different From The Bottom End".
A dingo believed to be responsible for an attack on a French family at Queensland's Fraser Island, has been captured and euthanised.
Just 60 people live in the Dutch village of Kinderdijk, but more than 600,000 tourists visit it each year.
Palau is to become the first country to ban toxic sunscreen to protect its reefs after study finds chemicals tainted famous lake.
A very real shire by the name of Bland has released a delightfully un-spicy video asking Australians to send it some flavour.
What Will Be Australia’s Next Big Thing?
"The health of the outback is very much at risk"

=== 문단 35 (926 chars) ===
The Volstead Act was repealed on this date in 1933, returning control of alcohol to the states, and it was a happy day at the F.X. Matt Brewery.
UTICA, N.Y. -- A total of 85 years ago Wednesday marked the end of prohibition, which meant legally drinking beer again. And for the Matt family from Utica – that meant getting back to selling beer again.
They let customers and suppliers know that at midnight, they could deliver, buy, and drink beer at the brewery once again.
The local business managed to survive 13 years.
"Kept it going with soft drinks and malt tonic and malt syrups, but this was a special day. In fact, he sent a letter out to announce beer was available at midnight, the next day, actually,” said F.X. Matt Brewery CEO/Chairman Nick Matt.
Matt says sales dropped off 75 percent when prohibition went into effect. And thanks to the current craft beer movement, business has been growing by leaps and bounds.

=== 문단 36 (1000 chars) ===
It's been almost too hot to think. It's hard to plot stories or craft beautiful sentences when you're wilting. Not that I'm complaining. Who knows how long the lovely weather will last? I would encourage everyone to avoid spending all day at their computer, if they can. Slap on the suncreen, don your sunglasses and possibly a hat, and set your chair up in a shady spot outside.
Researching a novel can be fun or frustrating, but it's always time consuming and, all too often, the facts that you find the most fascinating never make it into the finished work. That doesn't mean that the hours spent checking websites, hunting out books and talking to experts are wasted.
When you go on holiday, it isn't unusual to see people taking photo after photo, barely taking the time to focus. In fact, they're so intent on getting the shot that they don't even really look at the things they're taking photos of. When they look at them afterwards they probably have trouble remembering that they were there.

=== 문단 37 (905 chars) ===
The District Council of Yankalilla recognises the need to conserve and protect the historically significant Yankalilla Cemetery. This is a major project and community consultation is an important part of the planning process. The project team is commencing consultation to engage and draw on community knowledge and aspirations for the cemetery’s future. We are keen to get your feedback on the concept for upgrading Yankalilla Cemetery.
On Wednesday 12 August 2015 a model of the architect’s concept plan will be on show in the foyer of council, 1 Charles Street Yankalilla.
The consultation on this project has closed after having been on-site from 14 August 2015.
A total of 40 people visited the site and 17 submissions have been received.
The results from the consultation will be considered at the 15th March Council meeting. More news will be posted after Council has considered the matter further.

=== 문단 38 (933 chars) ===
"I’ve been privileged to work with Colette for over 3 years, observing first-hand the positive connection she creates with all parties involved in disharmony. Her communication skills help clarify the problems, assisting participants in moving forward towards a better understanding of each other. Her expertise in supporting parties in conflict to work towards a sensible solution demonstrates her understanding of the nature and needs of conflict resolution. Her background in grief counseling makes her particularly adept in working with hurting people."
“The significant success of Abbotsford Restorative Justice, positively impacting the lives of many young offenders and their victims, is a testimony to your hard work and inspired leadership.
"Colette is a highly skilled mediator, who has a natural ability to connect with people and guide them through conflict. She shows her clients compassion, empathy, and understanding."

=== 문단 39 (957 chars) ===
First Congregational Church in Benzonia.
THANK YOU CHRIS and JOHN !!!
The Homestead Dam to Benzonia Crew.
Dan Hahn led a contingent of Lake Ann Boy Scouts and their family members.
Also present were some folks from Bethlehem Lutheran Church in Traverse City.
The trees were filled with miles of fishing line and 100s of hooks.
Mary Lee found a lot of them.
John and Laura helped a lot with their canoe.
A little fawn hid from us but I got his photo - sort of.
Woody and Dan helped to unravel the mess at the end.
We were tired but happy to be done and off the river safely with 5 big bags of trash.
Steve from the Benzonia Campgrounds crew stopped by to take the garbage.
Lastly - Here's a good reason to ALWAYS WEAR SHOES while paddling.
This section of the Betsie was in worst shape than I have ever seen it.
I don't have any idea how to make it better and neither does anyone else.
care of their favorite river. At this point they are loving it to DEATH!

=== 문단 40 (997 chars) ===
CVEK is an independent non-governmental organisation that strives to contribute to building a more just and cohesive society through research, analytical and educational activities. The Centre was founded in 2005 and is based in Bratislava. Their common mission is to make a systematic effort aimed at creating an environment in which every person has every right to feel like a valuable and respected human being.
Their work is rooted in defending fundamental human rights principles such as respecting dignity of every person and promoting diversity of society. The activities of CVEK focus particularly on ethnic, language and religious minorities. Thematically, they place emphasis especially on education, housing, social status, interethnic relations and political participation. Their activities may be divided into three basic pillars: research, advocacy and education.
They specialise in promoting inclusion of marginalised population groups, be it the Roma, migrants or other minorities.

=== 문단 41 (906 chars) ===
Keeping up to date with changing accounting standards and presentational requirements can be a headache, especially when you only dip in to it once a year.
Well, Hayhursts offer a full statutory accounts production service, we’ll take responsibility – and that headache – and ensure your annual accounts are complete, on time, and meet with all current standards and practises. We’ll even ensure the relevant copies are sent to all those concerned. We won’t miss a beat.
Armed with many, many years’ experience, we can produce your statutory accounts from your own records or from our bookkeeping service and use market leading software; regularly updated to ensure full compliance with the latest standards and regulations. We will also provide the accounts in iXBRL format for accompanying the corporation tax return.
For more information on the range of accounting services we provide please contact us.

=== 문단 42 (973 chars) ===
Here at MX Wholesale we understand the demand for high quality beauty products. When it comes to products that your customers are applying directly to their skin, you need to be sure that you’re supplying them with superior quality products that are going to enhance their beauty regime and keep them coming back for more. We only stock the highest quality wholesale beauty products so you don’t need to worry about buying in bulk, your customers are sure to love these body lotions! Our wholesale body lotions cover a variety of different beauty requirements from moisturising to firming and tanning, we know that stocking a variety of body lotions means that you can appeal to a wider customer base. Each of our wholesale items are priced with you in mind, allowing you to buy in bulk and earn maximum profit within your business. We also stock wholesale beauty products including makeup, skin care and other beauty accessories so make sure you browse our full selection.

=== 문단 43 (969 chars) ===
Based in Geelong, Victoria, Achtung Camper have a range of Hyundai and VW campervans for sale. They also offer campervan conversions which are custom built to suit all budgets, tastes and lifestyles and they service the whole of Australia!
Looking at their website and the fabulous use of photography, customers are tempted to make their dreams a reality and to hit the road in one of their fantastic vehicles. The large, colourful photos make the lifestyle almost tactile, showing every detail of how it could be achieved. What better way to inform customer’s interested in buying a product than to have a number of clear, quality images for them?
To learn more about Achtung Camper be sure to check out their website. Alternatively if you’re interested in learning more about how Choc Chip Digital can help improve your online presence with a new website or marketing package be sure to fill out the contact form below or call us on our toll free number 1300 808 841.

=== 문단 44 (960 chars) ===
« Why Has Brexit Britain Not Had an Immigration Debate?
These are not technological issues. They contain technological issues but they are not fundamentally technological issues. They are ethical ones. They require sophisticated experts to debate issues of ethics and society— to plan what, and if, we need to create.
It’s as if we’ve encountered several simultaneous Manhattan Projectsthrough the application of military DARPA funding, venture-capital investment and advancements in cloud-computing. We are seeing a whole host of life-changing technologies come to fruition after decades of basic research — and the rapid prototyping tools and production pipelines of the modern era have let us scale these new inventions faster than ever before.
This entry was posted in Higher Education Reform, Interdisciplinarity and tagged Arts and Culture, STEM, STEM subjects, The Conversation. Bookmark the permalink. Trackbacks are closed, but you can post a comment.

=== 문단 45 (913 chars) ===
Operation Tuna Salad is back!
What happens when we join forces with the Hunger Task Force of the Unitarian Universalist Church of Delaware County to make tuna salad for 150 people at a local homeless shelter? Operation Tuna Salad! From May through September/October, every second Friday evening of the month we gather with members of the Hunger Task Force to make and assemble tuna salad - LOTS of tuna salad. It's our way of giving back to the community that has given so much to us and to serve those in need. Everyone brings three pounds of cooked macaroni, chops veggies, opens giant cans of tuna and mayonnaise, and then mixes all the ingredients in colorful plastic tubs. The tuna salad is then bagged, and the bags are handed from person to person to be stored in the downstairs refrigerator. The next day the tuna salad is transported to the Life Center Shelter in Upper Darby for Saturday evening dinner.

=== 문단 46 (922 chars) ===
This book is FREE. If you would like to order some to give away then click 'Add to Basket' above.
This book is all about the importance of reading - which is something we love! And we hope you'll love it too, as it encourages you to get stuck into reading good books that hold to the Bible and point to Jesus.
We've published it to celebrate our 10th Anniversary of being in ministry, and are giving a free copy away with every order while stocks last! We'll automatically stick a copy in your basket when you order.
The book is a chapter taken from J Oswald Sanders Spiritual Leadership.
This short book is one to give away. It is one chapter from Spiritual Leadership by Oswald Sanders and is an encouragement to read purposefully in order to grow as a Christian, carefully reading a wide variety of subjects. If you read a lot it will get you to think about what you are doing, and if you don't it may get you to start.

=== 문단 47 (910 chars) ===
Jay Chapman, a native of Birmingham, Ala., joined Georgia’s football operations staff in January, 2016.
Chapman spent the previous five seasons at Samford University where he served as the director of football operations. In that role, Chapman was responsible for day-to-day operations of the program and oversaw and coordinated all aspects of team travel.
Before joining the staff at Samford, Chapman worked as the director of player development at UAB from 2008 to 2010. He also served as the Blazers’ associate director of recruiting for his last two years in Birmingham.
In 2007, Chapman was a coordinator for Team Alabama in the All-American Football League.
A graduate of Samford, Chapman earned his bachelor’s degree in general studies. In addition, he received a bachelor’s degree in animal and dairy science from Auburn, as well as a master’s in public and private management from Birmingham-Southern.

=== 문단 48 (929 chars) ===
A colleague of mine, Mercyhurst Professor Kristan J. Wheaton, just posted a very provocative blog. In it he took a look at crowdfunding and then contemplated its application in all types of intelligence.
His point was that crowdfunding is important not only as a source of revenues for would-be entrepreneurs, or for the development of new products and processes, as well as the launch of movies etc. It is also a rather convenient place that we should watch for emerging competitors and other competitive threats.
In other words, here is another way we can watch out for our current and potential competitors. Had you thought about this is an application of crowdfunding? I had not, but I have now.
For you, the greater lesson learned should be that any time you see a new development or site that could be of value to your business, also look at it from the point of view of using it to provide valuable CI on your competitors.

=== 문단 49 (946 chars) ===
TheAllegiance Convertible Car Seat is the perfect seat for your growing baby.Designed with Britax safety technologies to help provide children extraprotection on-the-go.
Includes SafeCell® Impact Protection a system of patented safetyfeatures designed to help keep baby safe and sound.
Deep foam-lined shell provides side impact protection to helpsurround baby in safety.
0-Position Harness easily adjusts to make it easy to keep properharness positions for your growing baby.
LATCH connectors lock into place with a click, and are releasedwith the push of a button.
A system of patentedtechnologies in the car seat that work together to help direct crash forcesaway from your child.
Strong steel frameabsorbs crash impact and provides seat stability.
Compresses to reducethe force of a collision, diverting energy away from your little one.
Reducesseat rotation and slows forward movement.
Notes: This product isdesigned, tested and built in US.

=== 문단 50 (998 chars) ===
Lab-grown magnesite a boon for carbon sequestration?
Left undisturbed, carbonate minerals can naturally lock up carbon in a stable form for millions of years or longer. Triggering the formation of carbonate minerals is thus a promising means of removing and sequestering carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. In recent research, scientists uncovered new details about how one of Earth’s most stable, albeit slow-to-form, carbonates — magnesite — grows in nature and have found a way to accelerate its formation in the lab at room temperature. The results could aid in developing efficient carbon sequestration technologies.
Read more about Lab-grown magnesite a boon for carbon sequestration?
New discoveries in mineralogy, one of the oldest human endeavors, are arising from a new sort of mining—data mining. Mineralogists are applying statistical models and data science techniques to reveal previously unseen patterns and clues hidden in mineralogical databases, and to find undiscovered minerals.

